# Marching Hat Box (ID: 17113)

### Description
    Available from March 9th to April 3rd
    Randomly provides one of the 3 marching hats.
    The Box is not tradable, but the internal hats can be traded and sold normally.
    Parade Hat Description:
    A hat worn by those who lead the way for celebrations.
    MDEF +2,
    Increases tolerance to Stun by 10%.
    When physically attacked, there is a chance to autocast Angelus Lv 5 or Assumptio Lv 1 on yourself.
    If the user is of the Novice, Priest, High Priest, or Archbishop class, it will autocast Lex Aeterna Lv 1 when using the Heal Skill on an enemy.
    This item can be traded, stored, and put in the cart
    Type: Headgear
    DEF: 4
    Position: Upper
    Weight: 20
    Requirements:
    Base Level 10
    Holy Marching Hat Description:
    A marching hat with holy angel wings affixed to the sides, famous for a righteous band from Rune-Midgard.
    INT +1, DEX +1, MDEF +5.
    If refined to +7 or higher, increases Heal effectiveness by 5%.
    If refined to +9 or higher, MAtk +5 and increases the effectiveness of Heal by 5%.
    Type: Headgear
    DEF: 5
    Position: Upper
    Weight: 20
    Requirements: None
    Description of the Malicious Walker Hat:
    A dark marching hat worn by members of an undead band from Niffleheim.
    STR +2. ATK +2% against all monsters.
    If refined to +7 or higher, Crit +10%.
    If refined to +9 or higher, Attack Damage and Ranged Attack Damage increase by 5%.
    Type: Headgear
    DEF: 10
    Position: Upper
    Weight: 50
    Armor Level: 1
    Requirements: None
    Box Weight: 1

### Drop Table
| Monster | Rate |
| :--- | :--- |
| - | Special Obtention |